---
description: >-
  This section provides definitions for the key terms used throughout this
  documentation.
---

# Definition of Terms



<table><thead><tr><th width="242">Term</th><th>Definition</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>TuumIO Card (Card)</td><td>An interactive module encapsulating multiple data types, user interface elements, and interoperable functions. "TuumIO Card" and "Card" are used interchangeably in this document.</td></tr><tr><td>TuumIO Data Node (TDN)</td><td>A specialized node that acts as a database, facilitating secure data storage, retrieval, and exchange with external systems.</td></tr><tr><td>TuumIO Ledger</td><td>A decentralized record of events or transactions within a network, as defined by the protocol.</td></tr><tr><td>TuumIO Network (Network)</td><td>A digital network of various healthcare roles, operating based on rules defined in a TuumIO Protocol. "TuumIO Network" and "Network" are used interchangeably in this document.</td></tr><tr><td>TuumIO Node (Node)</td><td>A secure digital entity that enables secure data exchange and event handling. "TuumIO Node" and "Node" are used interchangeably in this document.</td></tr><tr><td>TuumIO Protocol (Protocol)</td><td>A governance framework that defines the rules for data exchange and communication in networks. "TuumIO Protocol" and "Protocol" are used interchangeably in this document.</td></tr><tr><td>TuumIO Wallet (Wallet)</td><td>A mobile app that serves as a gateway to various industry services and dApps. It provides a secure way to store and manage digital assets and records. "TuumIO Wallet" and "Wallet" are used interchangeably in this document.</td></tr><tr><td>TuumIO Vault (Vault)</td><td>A decentralized storage, facilitating secure data management and storage.</td></tr><tr><td>Chain </td><td>An enterprise-level solution that offers various industry services.</td></tr><tr><td>dApps</td><td>A decentralized application in Web3 that offers various functionalities, including interactions, data exchanges, and workflows for specific user roles.</td></tr><tr><td>Data definition file (DDF)</td><td>A JSON file specifying the structure of data stored within the TuumIO Data Node, defining data elements, data types, and validation rules.</td></tr><tr><td>Event</td><td>A message or record signifying an occurrence within a network or journey. Events define interactions and communications between roles and nodes.</td></tr><tr><td>Event Handler</td><td>A set of instructions that execute tasks based on specific events. These tasks include updating records, transforming data, and identifying recipients for the next event.</td></tr><tr><td>Journeys</td><td>A sequence of interconnected TuumIO Cards, defining functionalities, including interactions, data exchanges, and workflows for specific user roles.</td></tr><tr><td>Role</td><td>A fundamental element in the protocol that defines a specific participant type, such as patient, physician, admins, etc. Each role is associated with corresponding consents and cards within the protocol.</td></tr><tr><td>SOLVE</td><td>A cryptocurrency utility token used throughout the platform to facilitate payments and transactions.</td></tr><tr><td>Tile</td><td>A modular component in a card user interface that displays data or provides functionality.</td></tr></tbody></table>

