---
description: >-
  This section describes the supported functions that can be used within card
  definitions.
---

# Functions

The functions within a Care.Card can be used to connect cards to event handlers, perform operations for data retrieval, validate data input, navigate between cards, and other interactions.

<table><thead><tr><th>Function Name</th><th width="248">Description</th><th>Parameters</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><code>Function.SOLVE.getTokenBalance</code></td><td>This function is used to get the available SOLVE token balance after joining a network. Add this function to the cardUIAction object, which is a part of the card definition.</td><td><ul><li><strong>name</strong>: Function.SOLVE.getTokenBalance</li><li><strong>url</strong>: Not required</li><li><strong>sourceKeys</strong>: Not required</li><li><strong>sourcekey</strong>: Not required</li><li><strong>resultKey:</strong> It requires the key name in which you want to store the final outcome of the function.</li><li><strong>NAVIGATE</strong>: It requires the value of the card ID where you want to navigate after getting the result from the function. If you want to show results on the same card, then use the same card ID.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><code>Function.SOLVE.getExchangeRate</code></td><td>This function is used to get the exchange value of SOLVE from USD.</td><td><ul><li><strong>name</strong>: Function.SOLVE.getExchangeRate</li><li><strong>url</strong>: Not required.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><code>Function.calculateSum</code></td><td>This function is used to calculate the total sum of all the input values.</td><td><ul><li><strong>name</strong>: Function.calculateSum</li><li><strong>url</strong>: Not required</li><li><strong>sourceKeys</strong>: It requires the names of the keys on which you want to calculate the sum.</li><li><strong>sourcekey</strong>: Not required</li><li><strong>resultKey</strong>: It requires the key name in which you want to store the final outcome of the function.</li><li><strong>NAVIGATE</strong>: It requires the value of the card ID where you want to navigate after getting the result from the function. If you want to show results on the same card, then use the same card ID.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><code>Function.calculateSubtract</code></td><td>This function is used to calculate the subtraction of the input value.</td><td><ul><li><strong>name</strong>: Function.calculateSubstract</li><li><strong>url</strong>: Not required</li><li><strong>sourceKeys</strong>: Not required</li><li><strong>sourcekey</strong>: It requires the key name that you want to subtract from the totalKey.</li><li><strong>totalKey</strong>: It requires the key name from which the source key value gets subtracted.</li><li><strong>resultKey</strong>: It requires the key name in which you want to store the final outcome of the function.</li><li><strong>NAVIGATE</strong>: It requires the value of the card ID where you want to navigate after getting the result from the function. If you want to show results on the same card, then use the same card ID.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><code>Function.calculateMultiply</code></td><td>This function is used to calculate the multiplication of all the input values.</td><td><ul><li><strong>name</strong>: Function.calculateMultiply</li><li><strong>url</strong>: Not required</li><li><strong>sourceKeys</strong>: It requires the key names on which you want to calculate multiplication.</li><li><strong>sourcekey</strong>: Not required</li><li><strong>resultKey</strong>: It requires the key name in which you want to store the final outcome of the function.</li><li><strong>NAVIGATE</strong>: It requires the value of the card ID where you want to navigate after getting the result from the function. If you want to show results on the same card, then use the same card ID.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><code>Function.calculateDivide</code></td><td>This function is used to calculate the division of the input value.</td><td><ul><li><strong>name</strong>: Function.calculateDivision</li><li><strong>url</strong>: Not required</li><li><strong>sourceKeys</strong>: Not required</li><li><strong>sourcekey</strong>: It requires the key name that you want to get divided from the totalKey.</li><li><strong>totalKey</strong>: It requires the key name from which the source key value gets divided.</li><li><strong>resultKey</strong>: It requires the key name in which you want to store the final outcome of the function.</li><li><strong>NAVIGATE</strong>: It requires the value of the card ID where you want to navigate after getting the result from the function. If you want to show results on the same card, then use the same card ID.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><code>Function.calculatePercentage</code></td><td>This function is used to calculate the percentage of the input value.</td><td><ul><li><strong>name</strong>: Function.calculatePercentage</li><li><strong>url</strong>: Not required</li><li><strong>sourceKeys</strong>: Not required</li><li><strong>sourcekey</strong>: It requires the key name that has the percentage value, like 10% should be used as 10, 20% should be used as 20.</li><li><strong>totalKey</strong>: It requires the key name on which sourceKey will get implied.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><code>Function.Profile.key</code></td><td>This function is used only inside Tiles. It shows user profile data inside the network.</td><td><p></p><p>The following keys can be used as input:</p><ul><li>name (nickname)</li><li>cw_id</li><li>phone</li><li>country (get user's country code, such as "US")</li><li>first_name</li><li>last_name</li><li>ssn</li><li>language</li></ul><p>For example, <code>Function.Profile.cw_id</code></p></td></tr><tr><td><code>Function.Preference.language</code></td><td>This function is used only inside Tiles. It is built to show user preference data inside the network, such as language preference.</td><td><ul><li><strong>text</strong>: Function.Preference.language</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><code>Function.camera_selfie</code></td><td>This function will be called in cardUIAction to capture a selfie or select from gallery.</td><td><ul><li><strong>name</strong>: Function.camera_selfie</li><li><strong>resultKey</strong>: This keyname will hold the image in base64 format and will be added to the payload which can be sent to the node</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><code>Function.PROTOCOL.preLoadData</code></td><td>This function executes GET request to the user node in the same manner as event with "method" : "GET"</td><td><ul><li><strong>name</strong>: Function.PROTOCOL.preLoadData</li><li><strong>url</strong>: The value can be a link to a collection in transactional data. It can also contain filter query. </li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><code>Function.ChangeCard</code></td><td>This function is used to push to a new view after comparing the compareKey values.</td><td><ul><li><strong>name</strong>: Function.ChangeCard</li><li><strong>compareKey</strong>: The dynamic value based on results from another function.</li><li><strong>compareValue</strong>: The fixed value to which the compareKey value is compared to.</li><li><strong>cardIdForGreaterValue</strong>: The card ID that is viewed when the compareKey value is greater than the fixed value set in compareValue.</li><li><strong>cardIdForLessValue</strong>: The card ID that is viewed when the compareKey value is less than the fixed value set in compareValue.</li><li><strong>cardId</strong>: The card ID of the current view.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><code>Function.uploadFiles</code></td><td>This function is used to upload multiple files in AttachmentUploadTile.</td><td><ul><li><strong>name</strong>: Function.uploadFiles</li><li><strong>sourceKeys</strong>: The input key of the AttachmentUploadTile. For example, for input key <code>{$attachingFiles}</code>, the value for sourceKey is "attachingFiles".</li><li><strong>resultKey</strong>: The final submit key.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><code>Function.validateReferralCode</code></td><td>When participants enter a referral code, the system validates if referral code entered is a valid CW ID.</td><td><ul><li><strong>name</strong>: Function.validateReferralCode</li><li><strong>resultKey</strong>: The input key for referral code. For example: <code>{$ReferralCode}</code></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>Single or multiple selection for Tile12</td><td>The default action of Tile12 is to select single item from a list. To allow user to select multiple items, add the parameter in "subTitle".</td><td><ul><li><strong>fieldFormat</strong>: In subTitle, set the value to "multiple"</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><code>Function.deposit.SOLVE</code></td><td>This function is used to navigate from any card to the "SOLVE" tab view.</td><td><ul><li><strong>uiAction</strong>: Set the value to Function.deposit.SOLVE</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><code>Function.data.totalCount</code></td><td>This function is used to show the total count of fetched data.</td><td><ul><li><strong>text</strong>: In subTitle, set the value to Function.data.totalCount</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><code>Function.COPY.TEXT</code></td><td>This function copies the subTitle text from <a href="tile-definitions.md#tile0">Tile0</a> and to copy title from <a href="tile-definitions.md#tile14">Tile14</a>.</td><td><ul><li><strong>uiAction</strong>: Set the value to Function.COPY.TEXT</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><code>Function.Navigate</code></td><td>This function is used to move the destination card without calling event/event-handlers.</td><td><ul><li><strong>name</strong>: Function.Navigate</li><li><strong>cardId</strong>: The card ID reference of the destination card.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><code>Function.getGPSLocation</code></td><td>This function is used to get user's current location latitude and longitude. It added to the prerendering functions block.</td><td><ul><li><strong>name</strong>: Function.getGPSLocation</li><li><strong>sourceKeys</strong>: Add the "userLocationLatitude" and "userLocationLongitude" keys. These keys must also be added to the attributes in transactional data and event.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><code>Function.SOLVE.getTokenBalance</code></td><td>This function is used to fetch SOLVE balance.</td><td><ul><li>name: Function.SOLVE.getTokenBalance</li><li><strong>resultKey</strong>: Set the value to "solveBalance".</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td><code>isLink</code> or <code>isUrl</code> </td><td>This function is used with Tile0 to add links inside the text.</td><td><ul><li><strong>isLink</strong> or <strong>isURL</strong>: To enable the link features in a tile, set the value to "true".</li><li><strong>urls</strong>: If is isLink or isURL is set to "true" then this property is required.</li><li><strong>label</strong>: This part of the title or subtitle text from the Tile will be clickable.</li><li><strong>url</strong>: The URL that opens when the label text is clicked.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>Check field format and field value</td><td>This function is used in <a href="tile-definitions.md#smarttile1">SmartTile1</a>.</td><td><p>Supported field formats:</p><ul><li>age</li><li>email</li><li>pin</li><li>year</li><li>date</li><li>phone</li><li>country</li><li>ssn</li><li>otp</li><li>text</li><li>number</li><li>trialId<br></li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table>

