---
description: >-
  This section provides definitions for the key terms used throughout this
  documentation.
---

# Definition of Terms



<table><thead><tr><th width="242">Term</th><th>Definition</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Care.Card (Card)</td><td>A decentralized application within a Care.Network. It comprises data types, user interface elements, and interactive functions that respond to events. Throughout this document, we'll use "Care.Card" and "Card" interchangeably.</td></tr><tr><td>Care.Network (Network)</td><td>A digital network that consists of various roles and interactions between them. A Care.Network is governed by a specific set of rules defined in a Care.Protocol. Throughout this document, we'll use "Care.Network" and "Network" interchangeably.</td></tr><tr><td>Care.Node (Node)</td><td>A secure digital entity within a Care.Network. It enables sharing and receiving of information (events) securely across the network. Throughout this document, we'll use "Care.Node" and "Node" interchangeably.</td></tr><tr><td>Care.Vault (Vault)</td><td>A secure data repository within the Care.Network. It facilitates the secure storage and management of personal healthcare data.</td></tr><tr><td>Care.Protocol</td><td>A governance framework that defines the set of rules for data exchange and communication within a Care.Network.</td></tr><tr><td>Care.Wallet (Wallet)</td><td>A personal healthcare app that serves as a gateway to various Care.Networks. It manages Care.Cards and user interactions within a healthcare journey. Throughout this document, we'll use "Care.Wallet" and "Wallet" interchangeably.</td></tr><tr><td>Care Data Node (CDN)</td><td>A specialized node within a Care.Network that acts as a central data repository. It facilitates the secure storage, retrieval, and exchange of data with external systems.</td></tr><tr><td>Data definition file (DDF)</td><td>A JSON file that specifies the structure of data stored within the Care Data Node. This file defines the data elements, data types, and validation rules.</td></tr><tr><td>Event</td><td>A message or record that signifies an occurence within a Care.Network. Events are triggered by interactions or communication between participants (roles) in the network.</td></tr><tr><td>Event Handler</td><td>A set of business rules associated with a specific event or message within a Care.Network. Event handlers execute the predefined actions in response to an event.</td></tr><tr><td>Journey</td><td>A sequence of interconnected Care.Cards within a Care.Network, defining a specific workflow or user experience for a designated role. Journeys may involve interactions, data exchanges, and tasks.</td></tr><tr><td>Role</td><td>A fundamental element within a Care.Network protocol that defines a specific participant type, such as patients, providers, or admins. Each role is associated with a defined set of permissions (consents) and corresponding Care.Cards within the Care.Protocol.</td></tr><tr><td>SOLVE</td><td>The healthcare utility token used within the Care.Network to facilitate payment and transactions.</td></tr><tr><td>Tile</td><td>A modular component in a Care.Card user interface that displays data or provides functionality.</td></tr></tbody></table>

